Bullet Hell Shooting Game
1. We will design total 4 phases in the whole game, and take approximately 3 minutes.
[1] First phase: the player fights with small grunts from 00;00 to 00:30, and small grunts only have one 
    kind of attack. We put the easy phase at the beginning to let the player be familiar with game controlling.
[2] Second phase: the mid boss shows up at 00:30, the stage (background) changes, 
    and the BGM also changes to nervous music. The mid boss has specific movement 
    and has complicated attacks. Before fighting the mid boss, the player acquires 
    a new kind of attack that is more powerful and has a cool down time. If the player
    does not destroy the boss before 01:00, the boss will explode and game over.
[3] Third phase: more grants and powerful grants show up from 01:00 to 01:30. The stage and BGM changes 
    to same as the first phase. Powerful grants have two kinds of attacks and is harder 
    to destroy than small grants. For example, if the player need two attacks to destroy 
    small grunts, then Powerful grants need four attacks or one powerful attack.
[4] Final phase: the final boss appears at 01:30, the stage (background) changes, 
    and the BGM also changes to nervous music. Before fighting with it, the player 
    acquires an ultimate attack that can hurt the boss about 2/3 blood, but this attack can 
    only be used three times. The player also can accelerate speed to avoid attacks from the boss,
    and acceleration also has a cool down time. The final boss sometime launches much more dense attacks 
    that the player cannot avoid by regular movements, so acquired acceleration is now useful to escape these attacks. 
    The final boss totally has four types, and the third and forth types makes the boss look different. 
    In every type changing, its blood is refilled. Finally, if the player didn¡¦t defeat the boss before 03:00, 
    the boss will explode, and then the player will lose and game over.
2. For the game system:
[1] The highest score exists forever: we will store the highest score and show it even if the game shot down.
[2] The effect of special attacks: when the mid boss or final boss suffer the special attacks from the player, 
    they will be frozen for 3 seconds, but the regular attack does not have this effect.
[3] The blood of the player: when changes the phase, the blood of the player is refilled.
[4] The record function: the record function only can record which phase the player has completed. 
    After loading the record file, the player can play the next phase that he does not complete. 
    The player can find the record in the option of the beginning screen.
[5] Calculation of score: Destroying a small grant gets 100 points, 
    destroying a powerful grant gets 300 points, destroying the mid boss gets 500 points, and destroying the final boss get 1000 points. 
    In addition, if the player successfully attacks any enemies by using regular attacks, he get 50 points. 
    If attack by special attack, he get no point.
3. For the difficulty of the game:
[1] At the beginning screen before starting play, the player can click the option and then difficulty to select.
    There are 4 levels from 0 to 3 in the game.
[2] The zeroth level: the player never be hurt from any enemy. He is in invincible state.
[3] The second level: this is the regular level.
[4] The third level: all enemies are much hard to destroy.
[5] The forth level: the player has a half of blood in every phase.
